added qg evaluation notebook (#7958)
huggingface/transformers: notebooks/README.md

|[Fine-tune ALBERT for sentence-pair classification](https://github.com/NadirEM/nlp-notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_ALBERT_sentence_pair_classification.ipynb) | How to fine-tune an ALBERT model or another BERT-based model for the sentence-pair classification task | [Nadir El Manouzi](https://github.com/NadirEM) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NadirEM/nlp-notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_ALBERT_sentence_pair_classification.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune Roberta for sentiment analysis](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08/NLP_scripts/blob/master/sentiment_analysis_using_roberta.ipynb) | How to fine-tune an Roberta model for sentiment analysis | [Dhaval Taunk](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/DhavalTaunk08/NLP_scripts/blob/master/sentiment_analysis_using_roberta.ipynb)|

> |[Evaluating Question Generation Models](https://github.com/flexudy-pipe/qugeev) | How accurate are the answers to questions generated by your text2text transformation model? | [Pascal Zoleko](https://github.com/zolekode) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bpsSqCQU-iw_5nNoRm_crPq6FRuJthq_?usp=sharing)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Evaluating Question Generation Models](https://github.com/flexudy-pipe/qugeev) | How accurate are the answers to questions generated by your seq2seq transformer model? | [Pascal Zoleko](https://github.com/zolekode) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bpsSqCQU-iw_5nNoRm_crPq6FRuJthq_?usp=sharing)|
```
